ये गुप्त तकनीक MOBILE कंपनी नही चाहती आप सीख लो Science Technology Analysis of SmartphoneHey Friends! Welcome to GetsetflyFUNDA!Channel ko subscribe karke notification bell on jarur kar lena! Thank you for watching!This video covers two wide topics. One is how you should not upgrade your mobile phone blindly so we are taking one test though one amazing website in the internet! And another one is some interesting facts about our eyes, plus how our eye is of 576 Mp resolution is explained!Scientific analysis and investigation in fields such as medical science and biology has helped humans create technology and improve lives of people in the world. But here are some real and interesting facts about our human body. What is resolution of the human eye? if it's 576MP then why? how? is it real or fake or just an internet conspiracy? From which display resolution you benefit the most or After which display resolution you will no longer benefit! We will do one scientific experiment and do our own research! I have found one amazing, mysterious and interesting website in the internet which provides us some images created by a scientific experiment that how our most important biological part - our eyes perceive resolution! And as we all know, medical condition of our eyes are different according to how people treated their eyes well! So, after lot's of research and analysis some intelligent people had found a way to take a universal test so, people can know what is the deadline for their eyes! Because, Mobile companies won't reveal and will continuously upgrade their technology with new features all around the world! They won't reveal that your eyes will not be able to perceive extra resolution, they always kept it as a mystery! But here's the full in depth investigation of what is the reality! And how you should be aware in real life!INTERESTING videos -इस लड़की ने INTERNET पर करोड़ों लोगों को बेवक़ूफ़ बनाया (Internet and Science Technology Awareness) - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gl32Z...इस गुप्त WEBSITE में चुपके से अपना भविष्य देख लो.. The Science Behind Babel Internet Library - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iS8O...Watch other interesting videos from our other channel GetsetflySCIENCE - क्या होगा अगर पूरी बारिश एक ही विशालकाय बूँद में पृथ्वी पर गिर जाये तो (What if Science - Earth) - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWut_...12 साल के COMA से बाहर निकलने के बाद इसने जो कहा सबके होश उड़े रह गए Medical Science Brain Case - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-jZI...Eye Test link: Note: Link is not clickable! Copy and paste this link in search bar! And you will be redirected to paste bin! Where you can find all the necessary link!https:// pastebin. com/ZMiBx28aCredits:Music by -  Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 Licensehttp://creativecommons.org/licenses/b...