3018 LIFE | Future technology in 3018 | कैसी होगी वो दुनिया....? | 2018 VS 3018Futurists can dish out some exciting and downright scary visions for the future of machines and science that either enhance or replace activities and products near and dear to us.Being beamed from one location to another by teleportation was supposed to be right around the corner/in our lifetime/just decades away, but it hasn't become possible yet. Inventions like the VCR that were once high tech -- and now aren't -- proved challenging for some: The VCR became obsolete before many of us learned how to program one. And who knew that working with atoms and molecules would become the future of technology? The futurists, of course.Forecasting the future of technology is for dreamers who hope to innovate better tools -- and for the mainstream people who hope to benefit from the new and improved. Many inventions are born in the lab and never make it into the consumer market, while others evolve beyond the pace of putting good regulations on their use.Next, we'll take a look at some sound-loving atoms, tiny tools for molecules, huge bunches of data and some disgruntled bands of people who may want to set all of this innovation back with the stroke of a keyboard.NASA has challenged designers to develop a conventional drone to work inside a space station, navigating with no ‘up’ or ‘down’. The winning design, ArachnoBeeA, would use cameras and tiny beacons to manoeuvre its way around. How popular drones would be in such a confined space is a different question.Hate commuting? Imagine, instead, your train carriage hurtling down a tunnel at the same speed as a commercial jet airliner. That’s the dream of PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX founder Elon Musk. His Hyperloop system would see ‘train’ passengers travel at up to 760mph through a vacuum tube, propelled by compressed air and induction motors. A site has been chosen with the goal of starting test runs in two years. Once built, the loop will ferry passengers between San Francisco and LA in 35 minutes, compared to 7.5 hours by train.Edited & Voice by:Vikas sharma (http://www.facebook.com/hsvikas)Written by:Vikas sharma (https://www.facebook.com/hsvikas)Please Subscribe Mysterious Dunia:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcjk...Like Mysterious Dunia on Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/mysteriousyo...check out my all videos:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcjk...Things i use: Video Editor - Sony Vegas Pro 14 software for audio recording- AudacityPowered by:Mysterious Dunia ProductionHelp us in growing my channel Please Like,Comment,Subscribe n ShareThank You